docs: updated docs with .zenodo.json material (#39)
zenodo/developers.zenodo.org: source/includes/github/_root.md

# Github

## Add metadata to your GitHub repository release

Zenodo automatically extracts metadata about your repository from GitHub APIs. For example, the authors are determined from the repository's contributor statistics. To achieve overwriting some of the default metadata that would come from a regular GitHub release you will have to use the ``.zenodo.json`` file at the root of your GitHub repository.

> The ``JSON Schema`` followed by the ``.zenodo.json`` file is at [JSON Schema](https://zenodo.org/schemas/deposits/records/legacyrecord.json) and is documented in our developer docs at [Developer Docs](https://developers.zenodo.org/?python#deposit-metadata). After the first release of your repository you can also find a personalized version of the ``.zenodo.json`` on ``https://zenodo.org/account/settings/github/repository/`` which might be an easier alternative to edit.

Author: Makes sense! :)

In the example shown we added some new creators with their respective ORCID, added a community, a license, a related identifier, some keywords, and the respective grant.

```python
{

>     "description": "Laser catching has been hunting cats since the beginning of time. In this study, we investigate why the red dot is so hard to catch and present the main skills needed to catch it.",
>     "license": "other-open",
>     "title": "Why cats love the red dot? A scientific approach",
>     "upload_type": "software",
>     "publication_date": "2021-06-28",
>     "communities": [
>         {
>             "identifier": "zenodo"
>         }
>     ],
>     "creators": [
>         {   
>             "orcid": "0000-0002-1825-0097",
>             "affiliation": "Feline reasearch institute",
>             "name": "Field, Gar"
>         },
>         {   
>             "orcid": "0000-0002-1825-0097",
>             "affiliation": "Feline reasearch institute",
>             "name": "Cat, Felix"
>         }
>     ],
>     "access_right": "open",
>     "related_identifiers": [
>         {
>             "scheme": "doi",
>             "identifier": "10.5072/zenodo.<RECID>",
>             "relation": "isDocumentedBy"
>         }
>     ],
>     "keywords": ["Cats", "Laser", "Behavior"],
>     "grants": [{"id":"777541"}]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "creators": [
        {   
            "orcid": "0000-0002-1825-0097",
            "affiliation": "Feline reasearch institute",
            "name": "Field, Gar"
        },
        {   
            "orcid": "0000-0002-1825-0097",
            "affiliation": "Feline reasearch institute",
            "name": "Cat, Felix"
        }
    ],    

    "license": "Apache-2.0",
    
    "title": "Red-Dot: ML-powered laser vector detection",
    
    "related_identifiers": [
        {
            "scheme": "doi",
            "identifier": "10.1234/software.paper.5678",
            "relation": "isDocumentedBy",
            "resource_type": {
                "type": "publication",
                "subtype": "article"
            }
        }
    ],
    
    "keywords": ["Cats", "Laser", "Behavior"],

    "communities": [
        {"identifier": "software-cats"}
    ],
    
    "grants": [{"id":"777541"}]
```

}
```

> ## How to verify your .zenodo.json?
> Now that you have edited your ``.zenodo.json`` file you should validate it to make sure everything is following the norm. In order to validate it, you can use a tool like the [JSON Validator](https://jsonformatter.curiousconcept.com/#).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to verify your `.zenodo.json`?

After creating your `.zenodo.json` file you should validate it to make sure that it contains valid JSON. You can use a tool like the [JSON Formatter & Validator](https://jsonformatter.curiousconcept.com), or load it via your favorite programming language.
```
